Previously on The Secret Life
of the American Teenager...
I'm getting more uncomfortable
by the minute.
What do you think might help?
Maybe when we go see Dr. Attavi
today, he can suggest something.
Does it bother you that Ben
and Adrian are now married?
Why should it?
Did you have sex?
I did.
Maybe I'm not really
in love with her.
Don't ever ask to borrow
the apartment again.
Welcome Mr. and Mrs. Ben Boykewich
back to school.
[cheering]
Thank you, everyone.
I met George when we
were leaving the wedding.
You can't go out with him.
You let Madison and Jack
have sex in your bed?
If you're ready to take this
relationship seriously, so am I.
I don't want to be friends
with my old boyfriend.
You're not friends
with your old girlfriend.
I still hear from her
once in a while.
What?
You should meet Angie.
I really love you, but sex isn't right
for the two of us right now.
When's your husband
getting back in town?
He really loves it there
in-- in Zimbabwe.
You think maybe the two of us
can drive up the coast
and have dinner somewhere
on the beach?
Maybe even spend the night
at a decent hotel.
Something just--
just doesn't feel right.
You don't think
that you're going into labor?
I'm not sure.
♪ The Secret Life of the American Teenager 3x26 ♪
…or Not To Be
Original Air Date on June 6, 2011
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[no audible dialogue]
You look like an idiot.
You know that, right?
Good morning!
[chuckles]
Good morning.
Someone's in a good mood.
Oh. You didn't forget,
right?
Going away
with Ricky tonight.
No, I didn't forget.
I just thought that maybe--
I didn't forget.
I'm just gonna accept that
your relationship with Ricky
is your relationship with Ricky
and hope that everything
I taught you up to today
comes into play tonight when you
decide not to have sex.
Thanks, Dad.
When you decide not to have sex.
Yeah.
Not to have sex.
I love you so much
for keeping John tonight.
You know, it's so nice to be able
to go away for a night
and know that
he's going to be cared for.
He won't even miss me.
He loves you.
Kathleen said that
if I had any problems at all,
she'd come over and help me out.
Kathleen is married.
She's an old friend.
She's an ex-wife.
Right.
Besides, you're not going to have
any problems with John, I'm sure.
Hey, what ever happened
to Leo's assistant, Camille?
I thought you didn't like
me hanging out with her.
I don't. But the date
didn't go so well?
She didn't show up.
She called eventually to say
she just couldn't get out of work.
But, basically,
I got stood up.
And then you ran into Kathleen.
As luck would have it.
I know she's married.
But she's been married
three times, once widowed,
and maybe we both
got it right the first time.
Mmm.
Why are you being
so nice to me?
I'm always nice
to you, Tom.
You don't always
make me pancakes.
I just felt
like making pancakes.
Why?
Because I felt like
making pancakes for you.
Why?
I don't know, Tom.
I guess I just woke up
in a good mood.
Why?
Let me answer that.
George Juergens.
He followed you home?
Yeah.
I thought I saw you
run up the driveway.
Look, Tom,
he did follow me home,
but that's just because we ran into each
other when I was out picking up food.
And that is not why
I'm in a good mood.
There's no reason
why I'm in a good mood.
I'm just in a good mood.
Me, too.
Because of the pancakes?
Negative.
Because?
I finally met
someone on the bus.
That's great.
Honey, I'm home.
Oh, my God!
Oh!
Oh, it's so good
to see you.
Is it?
Did you hear back
from the doctor?
Jeez, where is this guy?
Yeah, I heard back.
Well, I heard back from Old Lady
Attavi, as you call her.
So why are we just sitting here?
I'm not just sitting here. I'm getting
our things ready for the hospital.
The hospital?
Not the doctor's office but the hospital?
Yeah. She said
to meet her at the hospital.
And I just wanna make sure
we have our list together
so we have everything we need.
Did your water break?
Are you in labor?
Dear God, woman,
why didn't you say something?
Calm down!
Nothing has happened like that.
But, well, she did say to meet her
at the hospital, so...
Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine. I--
I feel strangely calm.
So does she.
Do you think that this--
this could be it?
Could be.
I don't know.
So let's just keep this between us
until we do know.
[sighs]
♪ Falling in love ♪
♪ Is such an easy
thing  do ♪
♪ Birds can do it
We can do it ♪
♪ Let's stop talking,
Let's get to it ♪
♪ Let's fall in love ♪
I think I'm in trouble.
How? How did you
get in trouble?
When have you done anything
to get into trouble?
You can't be in trouble.
I just came over to your side.
Jack and I decided not to have sex,
and now you're pregnant?
Whoa. No. I'm not pregnant.
I haven't had sex.
I just--
I have to break up with Frank.
He's a nice guy.
He's a great-looking guy.
But so what?
So was Jesse.
I don't understand.
He wants me to spend tomorrow with
him and his family at the tennis club.
We're gonna play tennis
and have lunch
and then play some more tennis
and then go over to his house
and go swimming
in their indoor pool
and then have a cookout.
And he wants my parents
to the cookout.
My parents.
So, rather than have him
and his family spend time
with you and your family,
you'd rather just
break up with him?
I have to. I don't know how else
to get out of it.
And what's the point of putting
myself through my parents
meeting anyone's parents
when I doubt this is the guy
I'm gonna marry?
It's bad enough
I had to let Frank meet them.
But I never let them talk.
Not for more than two seconds.
Your parents are okay.
What's wrong with your parents?
They're in that honeymoon stage,
only they're not on a honeymoon.
They're not married,
and I haven't told Frank.
He thinks they're married, and his
parents think they're married
because I told them
they're married.
I told them they're remarried
because they're sleeping together.
Oh, jeez.
Now I've put that in my head,
and it's only
8:00 in the morning.
Well, just tell Frank
that they're not married
and you don't want them
to come over and meet his parents.
You lied because you--
you were just
so embarrassed by them.
That's really actually
kind of funny.
No, it's not.
And it's too late.
His mother already called
my mother.
Oh. I'm sorry.
Wait.
Wait. You and Jack?
You and Jack-- you two decided
not to have sex?
Yeah. And I've never
been happier.
Me neither.
You and Jack decided
not to have sex?
I wasn't gonna tell you.
Lauren, you parked behind me again,
and I have to go to work.
And, of course, I approached slowly
so as not to overhear anything,
but the door was open,
so I couldn't help but overhear it.
This is great news.
[chuckling]
Dad.
Here's 50 bucks.
For what?
For making
your old man happy.
Go out to dinner with Jack.
But that's it. Just dinner.
Okay. Uh, thanks.
So it's really true?
Yeah, it's really true.
Okay, I'm gonna
go move my car.
Bye. And congratulations.
[chuckles]
We both just decided
that we'd be a lot happier
if we quit doing everything
for now.
I know I'll be
a lot happier.
All right. Well, uh...
It's not some kind
of trick, is it?
No. We both just feel
it's the right decision.
And what made you come
to this decision?
[sighs]
Well, we did it,
and we didn't feel that good
about it afterwards.
It's just
the wrong thing for us.
And, um, just because we did it once
doesn't mean we have to do it again.
Are you okay, Madison?
Yeah, I'm okay. I just
don't want you to hate Jack.
I always did, but now--
now I think Jack and I
have a shot at being friends,
considering the new decision.
Well, thanks, Dad.
I love you, Madison.
Still?
Always.
Thanks.
And I'm, uh,
gonna try
to love Jack as well,
which may be
kind of impossible.
Well, Jack is
a very lovable guy.
Even when we're not--
Especially when we're not...
I think...
...doing the sort of stuff--
...I know all I need to know.
Maybe even more
than I need to know.
Tom, let's go.
That's my hat.
Mind if I borrow it?
I guess not.
Rachel likes hats.
Oh, she does, does she?
Yeah.
All right.
Well, I can't wait to meet her.
If you want,
we could all go out
together tonight.
Yeah, that'd be great.
We'll all go out to dinner.
Me and Madison
and you and Rachel.
[unintelligible]
Uh, say what?
I got myself a family.
Rachel has children?
Two. And I'm gonna be
their daddy.
Did you tell your mom?
Not the right time.
When would be
the right time?
Maybe after you move out
and they move in.
You wanna do what?
I wanna meet Angie.
I don't know, Grace.
That doesn't sound
like a good idea--
your meeting my old girlfriend.
Why not? I mean,
you two are just friends.
And I used to
be jealous of Madison
until I got to know her,
and now I like her.
So I wanna meet Angie.
And Jeff just got home,
so I can only imagine
him and my mom are gonna want
the house to themselves tonight.
I thought maybe we could
swing by and pick her up.
I thought we could all
go to dinner at Jeff's.
I have a coupon.
They gave me and Amy a coupon
when we threw the shower there.
So even though I didn't pay for anything,
I have one-third off a dinner.
So she can eat for free.
It wouldn't cost us a thing.
Is it a buffet?
No.
You've been to Jeff's.
Why would you ask that?
No reason.
[chuckles]
And then
when the baby comes,
the mother looks at her,
or him,
and gives it some wonderful name,
like Beloved.
I mean, it's this magical moment.
I can't really describe it.
The rest of us
just hold our breath
and wait to see what name
the mother's inspired to choose.
And the political
situation there?
That's a little scary.
But politics are politics,
life is life.
Despite the politics,
life goes on.
[chuckles]
I mean,
everything about Africa--
it just--
it makes me feel so alive.
I mean, such extremes.
It's-- It's energizing
and fascinating and new and
ancient all at the same time.
So?
That's why I wanna
go back, Kathleen.
I mean, maybe not to Zimbabwe
but to Africa.
There's a few organizations
that are pursuing me,
so I've got a lot of choices now,
a lot of opportunities.
And, obviously,
I want you to come with me.
Kathleen?
What about Grace and Tom?
Well, Grace only has a little more than
a year left of school,
and then
she's off to college.
And after you went upstairs,
I was talking to Tom,
and it seems like he's ready
to be on his own.
No, Tom can't be
totally on his own.
I mean,
he needs help with stuff.
You know, finances
and things like that. I--
A lot of things.
I help Tom with a lot of things.
Well, I guess his wife
would help with those things.
Or, you know,
unless she needs help herself.
I know she has children, so I assumed
she had some level of independence.
What? You're jetlagged.
Tom did not mention
his girlfriend having children.
Well, maybe not to you, but--
I'm sorry. His wife?
Jeff, he just met this girl.
Well, you and I didn't know each
other that long when we got married.
Yes, we did.
Well, I think it's time for us to get
to know each other even better.
Come on. Let's just pick up and go.
Just you and me.
Or, if you want,
Tom and Grace can come, too.
That's an amazing opportunity
for the two of them to see the world.
You, too.
I've seen the world,
and I'm not that impressed.
[door closes]
Adrian, Dr. Attavi's
ready for you.
How are you? How are you feeling?
I feel okay.
Well, come on back,
all right?
All right. Let's go.
[grunts]
And we shouldn't call anyone now?
Not yet. It's too soon.
I don't want some mob down here
from school while I'm giving birth.
Why don't you give me
the phone numbers for your parents
just in case you're busy later, and you
wanna get them down here?
Okay.
Uh, but my dad has
a big trial going on,
and I think my mom's
doing some training today.
She's a flight attendant.
Security training.
You know how it is.
Mm-hmm. Yep,
I know how it is.
And, Ben,
your dad's around?
Yeah. And I've got the list with us,
too, of everyone to call.
Great.
Hi, hon.
Hi.
Anything new happen
in the past hour?
Did you feel the baby move?
No.
But I'm thinking maybe
she's just getting into position.
You know, make her way out.
That would be my guess.
Maybe she is.
Hello, Ben.
How you doing this morning?
Yeah. I'm doing okay.
Okay. Let's see
what's going on.
Okay.
Hey, gorgeous.
Looking for someone?
Hi.
I couldn't sleep
last night.
Why not? I told you we don't
have to do anything.
We're just getting away.
It'll be fun.
I know that.
But I couldn't decide
what to wear--
what to take to sleep in.
I don't have time
to worry about all that.
Well, you shouldn't worry
about all that.
I don't care what you wear
or what you don't wear.
I like you a lot.
I thought you loved me.
Well, we're at school.
You know how you are
with personal things at school.
Yeah, well, we don't need everyone
here knowing our business.
They know too much
about us anyway.
I know.
I like it when we
can be by ourselves.
Away someplace
where no one knows us.
Like when we
were in New York.
I mean,
outside my apartment building.
No one knew us.
Yeah.
I like New York, and I wouldn't
mind living in New York.
Mm-hmm. Except I like
living so close to our families
so they can help us with John,
like tonight.
Yeah, that's a definite bonus.
I thought they
were breaking up.
That doesn't look
like breaking up.
[laughs]
I'm glad they're not breaking up.
Why?
I don't know.
They're both kind of goofy.
[laughing] They seem like
they belong together.
What about us?
Do we seem like we belong together?
Too personal for school.
Really?
No.
Why do I always get
that scary feeling
in the pit of my stomach
when we're making out,
and I know that we're not gonna do
anything more than make out?
I don't know. Are you scared
we'll change our minds?
Are you gonna change your mind?
No, I'm not. I love you.
Oh, I forgot to tell you.
My dad gave me 50 bucks and told
us we should go out for dinner.
And he'll pay for it?
Yeah. Because we're not
having sex again.
"Again"?
Well, yeah.
I told him we had sex.
I'm surprised I didn't get a call.
Oh, no. He's okay.
I find that a little difficult
to believe.
Well, he'd still love me
even if we were having sex.
But the fact that we decided
not to have sex--
Well, now he loves me
and he thinks I'm smart,
and that I make good decisions
and all kinds of good stuff,
and it just
makes me feel good.
What does your dad think?
Disgusting.
For two people
not having sex,
they can't keep
their hands off each other.
It's school.
This is not
the place for that.
I wish it was
a place for that,
'cause I'd like to make out
with you right now.
We have to break up.
All right.
[scoffs]
If we have to break up,
I guess we have to break up.
And you're just gonna let me go,
just like that?
Yeah, if that's what you want.
Well, that's what I want
if that's what you want.
Yeah. That's what I want.
Rats.
They're late again.
Yeah.
I think they're gonna be late
the rest of the school year.
They're allowed.
They're having a baby.
Call him.
I'm not gonna call him.
Just because you had some dream
about broken glass
doesn't mean
that something is wrong.
No, it could mean that all
the pieces are coming together.
It could be a good thing.
Or it could mean
that the whole thing is falling apart,
which could be a bad thing.
Or it could mean nothing.
No, I think it means something.
It wasn't just glass.
It was mirrored glass.
Oh, well, then that's completely
different. Why didn't you say so?
Fine. I'm calling him.
What are you gonna say?
That you had one of your crazy dreams
and you wanna make sure he's okay?
Dreams are like movies.
Sometimes they mean something,
sometimes they don't.
My dreams always mean something.
I just don't know what.
Call your grandmother.
Or text her.
Do not text Ben saying that you had
a dream. He'll freak out.
All right.
You're probably right.
We'll find out soon enough
what it meant.
Or not.
Hey. Bye.
I'll see you later.
I'm really looking forward
to dinner.
I haven't even
called her yet.
I don't even know
if she'll go.
I mean, why would she wanna come
to dinner with me and my new girlfriend?
It's not like she has a new boyfriend
to bring with her.
Well, is there some reason
you don't want us to be friends?
No.
Your friends
with my ex-boyfriend.
Yeah, I knew
that was a mistake.
I'll see you later.
Call her.
Okay, here's the thing.
She has some eating issues, so--
You told me she lost a bunch of
weight when you guys broke up.
What kind
of eating issues are they?
Is she anorexic or bulimic
or something?
No, nothing like that.
She just watches
what she eats very carefully.
So a meal at a restaurant
might be an issue.
I don't know.
[bell ringing]
I gotta go. But call her.
Text her. We don't have to eat.
We can do something else.
Bye.
Did you know anything about this?
I did not.
I wonder where they got
a crazy idea like this.
Are you suggesting me?
No. No, I'm not suggesting
or accusing.
I just wonder.
Where they got
a crazy idea like this,
so you said.
I don't think it's
necessarily a bad thing.
You don't?
They're both very smart.
And a little antisocial.
Yes, but so was I,
and I graduated from Oxford.
Yeah, and now you're here.
That's because I followed
the girl of my dreams
back to California, and we both
happen to be very happy now.
I see.
And did you tell our two lovebirds this?
I-- I might have.
It was a cautionary tale.
What's cautionary about you
following the girl
of your dreams to California?
I'm stuck here now.
We have children.
The children have children.
We can't get away.
There's no place to hide
and no place to go.
I can see where
that might've led to this.
I think I better
give George Juergens a call.
And blame me for this?
Actually, I might,
because I made a big mistake
that I just found out about
this morning,
and I don't need
another one.
[scoffs]
I didn't know
that Adrian and Ricky
applied to the same schools.
I helped Ricky apply
to some of the same schools
without even thinking about checking
to see if Adrian applied there,
and...
[sighs]
she got into the same school
Ricky got into.
You have no idea
what I'm referring to,
do you?
No, I have no idea
to what you refer.
I told you, I have a life.
[huffs]
[phone ringing]
[sighs]
Want me to get that?
Or I could get it.
I'd be happy to get it,
if you want.
I don't want anyone to get it.
I don't care who it is.
It couldn't be more interesting
than this conversation.
You tested
out of high school?
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Well, we just did it
as an experiment, and then--
Well, who knew we'd do so well?
Certainly not me, sir.
This doesn't mean
you're dropping out of school.
You're not dropping out of school.
Oh, no.
No, not at all, sir.
I hope we didn't
give you that impression.
But we are dropping out.
Oh, and I want
emancipation status.
What? No. No.
You're not gonna get emancipated.
That's never gonna happen.
Are you emancipated?
No. But my parents said
they do not object
to no longer being
legally responsible for me.
They were kind of excited,
actually.
I mean, if I go, you can go, too.
Go where?
Wherever you want.
I can't go wherever I want.
Neither can you. Or you.
It's just, we were thinking
about driving across America.
She doesn't drive.
I can learn.
It would just be more
interesting than, you know...
Hanging around here
watching you raise Amy
and Amy raise John and Mom raise
Robie and you raise Robie,
and whatever other children you or she
decide to have or include in your lives.
Like that son of of her boyfriend
that Amy made out with at one time.
Or, for example, in your case,
Grace and Tom.
I had dinner with the woman.
Yeah, the woman who you
were once married to.
Yeah, I know.
Look, Dad,
I'm almost grown up,
and I have things that I wanna
do and places I wanna go.
But you are not grown up.
And neither are you.
Does your mother know
anything about this?
Hey, was Dr. Attavi looking for me?
Allison Attavi?
Yeah, she might
need your help.
With?
What's the problem?
[crying]
So,
I haven't seen you
in a while.
Yeah, it's been a while.
How are you?
Not good.
Not good at all.
She's gonna be okay, Ben.
Yeah, she probably will,
but I don't know about me.
I don't know
if I'm gonna be okay.
You're gonna need your friends
and family right now.
I don't understand
how this could happen.
We were with
Dr. Attavi yesterday.
Yesterday everything was fine.
Everything was fine.
Thanks.
Oh, is that your wife?
I'm not married.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I thought you were
the guy with the kid.
Must be the other guy.
It's both of us.
He got married,
and I'll probably do the same
at some point.
All right.
Good afternoon, Amy.
Hi, Bunny.
Someone looks happy.
I am. I am happy.
Actually, I was talking
about your guy over there.
You think?
I think.
I think that he's so happy
that I don't think
he can concentrate
on his work.
Maybe I should
go wait upstairs.
That's probably a good idea
since there are so many
sharp objects
around the shop here.
My mom's upstairs.
Go on up if you want.
Bye.
I hope you know
what you're doing.
I don't know
what I'm doing.
I just know
that I love that girl.
And she loves you.
Go ahead. Take off.
I got it.
Did Ben ever call in?
Haven't heard a thing.
I guess they'd let someone know
if she's having the baby, right?
I guess they would.
Yeah.
I just can't be too upset
with him
'cause I'm kind o.
And I'm proud of you, too.
Nora?
Amy!
Hey, how are you?
I'm good.
I'm really good.
How are you? Look at you.
You look beautiful.
So do you.
[singsong voice]
The two of us.
We're beautiful girls.
And you do look like me.
Oh, jeez.
To have 17 back again.
Oh.
[laughs]
You're so funny.
I miss seeing you.
Well, you know what?
I will, uh, call Ollie,
and I'll cancel our date,
and then I'll just hang out
with you and Ricky tonight.
[chuckles]
I'm kidding.
I know you're off
to your big sleepover.
Where are you and Ollie
off to tonight?
You know, I'd love
to meet her sometime.
Oh, I'd love
for you to meet her.
Oh, did Ricky tell you
we're, um--
we're thinking
of getting married?
Yes, he told me!
He's really happy for you.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Well, I'm a little nervous.
I mean, just thinking
about spending the rest
of my life with someone
just seems like a long,
long time.
Yeah. Well, I mean,
I guess you just have to take it
like you take every other
challenge in your life--
one day at a time.
I'll be darned.
You're a genius.
That's why he loves you.
I mean, you're beautiful,
but you're a genius.
And I'm the mother
of his son.
Oh, you know what?
He'd love you whether or not John
was ever part of the picture.
Yeah, well, that's one thing
that I'll never know.
No, honey. You'll know.
Yeah, when John's 18
and out of the house,
and you and Ricky
are planning
another one of your romantic
road trips, you'll know.
I mean, you'll have to wait
another, what,
17 years probably,
but you'll know.
[chuckles]
Just be really careful
driving, okay?
I don't know what I'd do
if anything happened
to either one of you.
Nothing's gonna happen to either of us.
I promise.
Oh, I hope not.
I hope I, uh--
I never have to see another...
bad thing happen to my son
for as long as I live.
And you're a good thing,
you know?
Amy Juergens,
you're the best thing--
You're the best thing
that ever happened to him.
Thank you.
I love you.
I love you, too.
[laughing]
Look, you know what?
Do me a favor.
When you guys get married,
you call me Mom,
and you call Margaret
The Other Mom, okay?
[knocking]
I heard that.
Oh, I heard you
at the top of the stairs.
Hi, Amy.
Hi, Margaret.
Margaret and I
are meeting Ollie.
I invited Margaret
to come along.
Because we're friends.
You see,
even after everything
that's happened over the years,
Ricky's mother
and I are friends.
And Ricky's mother and me--
we're friends, too.
Oh. And I hope to be
friends with both of you.
I mean, you know, if things work out
between Ricky and me in the future.
Well, we can all be friends
no matter how things work out
for you and Ricky
in the future.
I respect you, Amy, and you're
the kind of young woman
I would like
to be friends with.
So, friend Nora,
let's get going.
We don't want to be late.
It's kind of hard to get
into this restaurant.
Yeah. Okay. Bye.
Um, have a really
nice time, okay?
And be careful.
Very careful.
Oh, yeah.
I know about the plans.
I'm just saying.
We'll see you soon.
Bye.
[laughs]
[door closes]
That was Ben.
Is everything okay?
No, everything's not okay.
They've been at the hospital all day,
and he's just now calling me.
What happened? I don't know.
I don't know what happened.
I have to get down there.
Do you want me to go with you?
I didn't think you were
even speaking to me.
Just because you don't want me
to go out with George Juergens?
Come on, Leo. We've been
friends half my life.
I don't know what's going on, but
whatever it is, I'm there for you.
No. Be here for me.
Be here in case I need you
to do something.
Get a car out to the airport.
Adrian's mom's out there
taking some kind of a class.
Ruben will know where she is.
I'll call the airline.
What airline does she even work for?
I don't know how to get in touch with her.
I know which airline, and I'll get in
touch with her. What else can I do?
I don't know.
I-I-I just don't know yet.
Uh, call Betty.
Tell Betty to call me.
I don't want to have to
track her down, all right?
[bell dings]
Tell her to wait by the phone.
And I'll talk to you later,
Camille.
I'll call you as soon as I know
how serious this is, all right?
You know, I'm sure
everything will be fine.
And if it's not,
then you'll make it fine.
[bell dings]
I really don't know if I can.
I love you, Leo.
[buzzing]
Adrian, let me
take it for you.
[beeps]
Hello?
Hi, Tom.
No, I-I can't talk
right now.
I'm in the hospital, Tom.
[beeps]
Oh, God.
See you, suckers.
See you, Tom.
Or Dad. I mean,
well, whatever you want us
to call you.
Hey, Tom, are you
getting off or not?
Just a second.
You better hurry, my love.
Sorry to get off before you.
That's okay. You go.
We'll see you tomorrow.
Is he really going to marry you?
[door closes]
I doubt it, but I'm gonna
try and make it work.
He's a nice guy.
And your dad is not.
And no one's heard
from them all day?
No. I called her, and I texted
her, and I didn't get an answer.
Maybe she's having the baby.
If she was having the baby,
I think we would know about it.
Grant, is this your Grace?
Hey, Angie.
How are you?
I'm better now that I'm getting
to meet the love of your life.
Hi. It's so nice
to meet you.
I'm-- I'm Grace.
And you must be fat.
Grace!
I must be.
Oh, dear God.
It's all right.
I'm fat.
I am fat,
but I've lost a few pounds.
Yeah, you have.
You look great.
Found the magic beans
you were looking for?
No, I actually gave in
to reality.
You know,
took my doctor's advice,
started cutting down
and exercising.
All that boring stuff.
[chuckles]
Why don't you sit
over there with Grace?
And I'll sit over here.
Angie, I don't even know why I
would say something like that.
It's okay.
He likes them fat,
and he likes them small,
and he likes them short,
and he likes them tall.
Grant's a ladies' man.
He loves women.
And I'm a woman, and he
loved me, and I loved him.
But, alas, it's over,
and we've moved on.
Well, at least he has,
and I'm still trying.
And you didn't think
you should come and tell me?
I'm here, and I just
got home from practice.
Practice ran late.
And I figured Grace told you.
I don't think Grace knows.
I don't think we even know,
do we?
Well, he told you.
He told Jeff.
He told Jeff?
He's home.
He wants to go back to Africa and
drag us all with him, but he's home.
Cool.
Not cool.
I don't want to go to Africa.
Yeah, but you
don't really want
to be married
a fourth time, do you?
You know what?
No, I don't.
And I love Jeff.
But Africa?
And we're not talking about me.
We're talking about Tom.
Who is this woman with two
children that wants to marry Tom?
I mean, is she after
his money or something?
Does he have money?
Yes, he has money.
He has a lot of money.
I didn't know.
I didn't say she could.
I did not say that you could
drop out of high school
and drive across the country
with your boyfriend.
He's not my boyfriend,
and I'm not dropping out.
I finished.
I'm a high school graduate.
I passed the GED.
I'm free.
I'm just asking to make it
official and emancipate m
No.
Let me speak to your father
alone, please.
Look, I don't want
to be in a situation
where I'm forced
to run away from home.
Just let me do
what I want to do.
I'm not doing anything wrong.
I'm doing something
that's educational
and could profoundly impact
my life in a good way.
What am I supposed to do?
Just stay here and wait
until I get pregnant, too?
I did not know about this.
I swear.
She said that she was thinking
about taking the GED.
She asked about it, but I never
thought that she would do it,
and I certainly didn't think
that she would pass.
She passed.
[sighs]
Where's Amy?
Shouldn't she be home by now?
Did she know anything about this?
She's too busy not having sex
to pay attention
to any of this.
That's why I
have John tonight.
She drove up to some little town
to spend the night with Ricky.
But they're not gonna have sex.
It's just a little getaway
for the two of them.
They're not gonna have sex?
That's what she said.
And you believed her?
I believe that is the plan.
I do not believe they're not gonna have sex.
If not tonight, then another night.
What about you?
Are you gonna have sex with your ex?
Do you mean you
or someone else?
Someone else.
Kathleen.
Honestly?
Yeah.
If I ever get the chance.
[scoffs]
[chuckles]
Well, the traffic
should be cleared up by now.
Maybe we should go.
Are you sure?
Well, traffic might not
be cleared up for hours.
There's a wreck on the 405.
A bad wreck.
I have an idea.
I think you had an idea
when I came through the door.
What's going on with you?
You know,
we don't have to go anywhere.
If you don't even wanna spend
the night with me, that's okay.
I mean, you seem all right
about making out here,
but it doesn't seem
as if you wanna leave here.
Are you still nervous?
I don't know.
I can't tell.
I mean, I'm nervous,
but I'm excited.
It's just once
we get in the car--
Once we get in the car,
we're just gonna drive somewhere
and spend the night together
and not do anything.
Just like we planned.
So there's no reason to be nervous.
I'm a very safe driver.
[laughs]
Now is not the time
to yell at me.
Now is the time to go
to the hospital.
Go to the hospital for what?
Who's in the hospital?
Who else? Adrian.
Adrian's having a baby!
Adrian's having the baby.
[laughs]
Adri's having the baby!
[squeals]
Adrian's having the baby.
Yes!
Just letting you know
that Adrian's having a baby.
[cell phones ringing]
[together]
Adrian's having the baby.
And they don't know
what caused it?
No.
They don't know.
They said in about 30 percent
of the cases they never know.
Did you see her?
Yeah, Dad.
They let me see her.
They let me hold her,
and then they let Adrian
hold her when she woke up.
Oh, Ben.
Oh, Ben,
I'm so sorry, son.
I'm so sorry.
It's my fault.
I never should've
let her do this.
It's my fault.
No, it's not your fault.
The doctors say
it's not anybody's fault.
[mutters]
What, honey?
What can I get you?
What can I do for you?
I didn't do anything wrong,
you know.
I didn't do anything wrong.
That's what they told me.
The doctors said I didn't--
I didn't do anything wrong.
I know that.
I know that, Adrian.
Oh, of course you didn't
do anything wrong.
Oh, baby, I love you.
[sobbing continues]
[Henry, Alice] Ben!
I got it. I got it.
♪ [Woman vocalizing]
♪ Spend all your time waiting ♪
♪ For that second chance ♪
What's wrong, Mr. Boykewich?
Is something wrong?
Yeah, Alice, Henry,
unfortunately,
something is wrong.
[Grace] We would've been here sooner, but
Grant spilled coffee all over himself.
I can't wait.
This is so exciting.
Can you believe it?
I knew she would come early. I knew it.
♪ I need some distractions ♪
What's going on?
I've got some bad news
for all of you.
Adrian's okay,
but the baby--
the baby passed away.
♪ And maybe they'll find
some peace tonight ♪
♪ In the arms of the angel ♪
[scoffs]
Everyone's already here.
I guess we were late
to the party.
Not that we needed
to be here at all.
Hey,
don't get upset with me.
They were here
when John was born.
♪ And the endlessness
that you fear ♪
♪ You are pulled ♪
♪ From the wreckage ♪
What-- What?
♪ Of your silent reverie ♪
Mr. Boykewich, um...
♪ You're in the arms ♪
Everything's okay,
right, with the baby?
♪ Of the angel ♪
♪ May you find ♪
What's going on?
♪ Some comfort here ♪
Hi.
Ben...
Amy,
Adrian's asking
if she can please see you.
♪ So tired
of the straight line ♪
I...
No, man, I can't. I...
Amy, you have to.
Please. Adrian's
asking. Please.
♪ The storm keeps on twisting ♪
♪ You keep on
building the lies ♪
♪ That you make up for all ♪
♪ That you lack ♪
The baby was okay yesterday.
She was okay,
but today she's gone.
♪ Escape one last time ♪
And Ben and Adrian...
Ben and Adrian are never
gonna be the same.
♪ In this sweet madness ♪
♪ Oh, this glorious sadness ♪
I'm so sorry, Adrian.
♪ That brings me to my knees ♪
I'm so sorry.
♪ In the arms of the angel ♪
♪ Fly away from here ♪
[sobbing]
♪ From this dark,
cold hotel room ♪
♪ And the endlessness
that you feel ♪
[crying]
♪ You are pulled
from the wreckage ♪
♪ Of your silent reverie ♪
♪ In the arms of the angel ♪
♪ May you find ♪
♪ Some comfort here ♪
♪ You're in the arms
of the angel ♪
♪ May you find ♪
♪ Some comfort here ♪
I want you.
Now?
Now and forever.
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org